# SOC_2025
1. "data_pipeline.ipynb" file contains the code to fetch stocks/shares data using yfinance and some minor plots of the following data.
2. "data_pipeline.docx"  is the detailed report for above code written in "data_pipeline.ipynb" and I have mentioned what i have learnt till now from the Project till date.
3. What I've majorly learnt newly through this Project is RL(Reinfrocemnt Learning), I have followed CS285 youtube playist for doing so, which was provided by our Mentors. The Playist covers all the basic stuff required to start up with RL, and later goes into Various Algorithms used in RL and the Pace is not too fast/slow, which helped in grasping the concept, and Other thing I've been introduced to is using the "yfinance" library , which helps us fetch data data regarding prices/values of stcoks and cryptocurrencies using tickers and other built-in objects/methods, where I have used GOOGLE and BITCOIN in my case(for Project).
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
The above was the midterm part containing data extraction part, then comes the gym environment implementation, and then training using PPO, and checkig final results.The model was checked succesfully, as the results of returns (vs) time had an increasing trend, and i trained over 1,00,000 iterations, and  it could be better after training more higher iterations or data-instances. The "data_pipeline.ipynb" contains only data extraction and price plotting, hence the i have edited the same file and added class(portfolio_env) implemtation below in the file and named it as "final_data_pipeline.ipynb". Already the cells are runned, and have their respective outputs, so you can run them again one-by-one, to the last cell (comparision and plotting).  Once the environment was ready, I trained a reinforcement learning agent using the PPO algorithm from the stable-baselines3 library. PPO is also a popular DRL algorithm. "final_soc_2025_report.pdf"  contains the final project report covering data extraction, gym-env implementation, then results plotting detailed, and "data_pipeline.docx" contains the miodterm report.
